Change misleading statements in blog post, fixes #1790 (#1856)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/blog/2022/debug-otel-with-otel/index.md

![A screenshot of the Jaeger UI showing that http.request.header.traceparent has multiple entries.](jaeger-with-request-headers.png)

There it is! The trace headers (`baggage`, `traceparent`, `tracestate`) are send
as multiple header fields: the nginx module added the value of each of those
headers again and again, and since having multi value headers is covered by
[RFC7230][], this didn't lead to an issue immediately.

We tested the capability to correlate from nginx to a downstream service with a
Java application. And, without reading into the source code of the OTel Java
SDK, it looks like that Java is flexible in taking a `traceparent` with multiple

> values. So propagation from nginx to the Java service worked, while in contract,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values, even though such format is invalid per the W3C Trace Context specification. 
So propagation from nginx to the Java service worked, while in contrast,
```

> python (and other languages) do not provide that flexibility and propagation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python (and other languages) do not provide that flexibility and propagation
```
